I mean I know every quarter has been
perfect accountably since inception
perfect just but at moments when there's
been stress have folks on the revenue
team product team or others wanted to
tighten that wanted to like take some
away from free tighten the funnel and
have you had to fight that battle or how
have you approached when that some not
everyone's the champion of the free
>> yeah so yeah everyone is not so I think
the uh you know if you talk to a sales
rep account their number one competition
is not you know any of the competitors
that they mention It's the free. It's
the
>> Yeah. They don't love the free version,
dude. The sales team doesn't love it,
right?
>> And the recommendation they all make is
like limit the the features that you
give on the free plan. And we've
resisted that.
>> Yeah. Lock it down. Let's give them two
weeks. Taupe. No unlimited. Let's slow
it down. Right.
>> I would say besides So, uh, the first
time we put up a pay wall was in 2014.
>> Okay. Besides then, I don't think we've
ever taken anything away from the free
plan. Hey everybody, Sasser annual will
be back May 2026, the world's largest
SAS and AI gathering for executives.
Just this last May, we hosted 10,000
attendees with 68 VP level and above
attendees, 36% CEOs and founders and 25%
were AI first professionals. It's the
very best of S tier attendees and
decision makers that come to SAS annual
and AI summit each and every year. But
here's the reality, folks. The longer
you wait, the higher ticket prices get.
They're cheap now. They're cheap. So
just get them early. Lock in your spot
today. Use my code Jason 100 for
exclusive savings. Get your tickets at
podcast.sasterangual.com
or just use code Jason 100 when you
check out. See you there. Saster annual
and AISummit 2026. It will rock.
Please welcome CEO and founder Saster
Jason Lenin, CEO and founder Kalanley
Tok Awatana.
>> All right, thanks for being here. Our
elbow shaker was still good. Yeah, it's
a little under the weather, but still
came. So, pretty nice of them, right?
>> I feel a lot better seeing all you
people.
All right,
raise your hand if you use Calendarly
everybody. Right, we're going to mostly
just do an AMA. I'll ask three or four
questions to get it going, but then
let's spend our time with some
questions.
But yeah, actually curious. We didn't
chat about it before. Do you measure
ubiquity? We had Drew Hston here on day
one, right? And he has 18.2 million paid
customers now. But you know what it
turns out? That's the whole world for
him. Like it look crazy and then for
it's 18.2 because he literally has maxed
out the global market share for what he
has. Do you ever think about because
Kalum is a little bit like that and that
every I mean everybody uses it, right?
Is there some magical number of
knowledge workers that talently today
can access and do you have all of them?
We do not. We definitely do not have all
of them. So if you have family members
out there, friends, whoever, uh please
tell them to sign up ASAP.
You know we do think a lot about we
think a lot about that but I think maybe
like I said like I think the short
answer is we have a lot more to go but
we think of our ideal customers as
people in external facing roles. So
these are people who are typically doing
performing activities you know sales
activities or customer success
activities or recruiting activities
and globally that looks like you know
25% of typically you know about 25% of
the headcount in a business is doing
those activities and if you say you have
you know a billion knowledge workers
globally. Yeah.
>> And today we have something like we have
less than that as paid customers. I'll
put it that way. So we feel like we have
a lot more of them to go.
>> How many um just because it's fun.
Sorry. How everyone defines the world of
knowledge drawers a little bit
differently. How many did you say there
are in your calculation?
>> A billion.
>> Some of the numbers I've seen said a
billion.
>> How many folks have used Calendarly once
of that billion?
>> About probably
it's in the double digits of that.
>> Double digits. So double digits of the
entire world, not just the US have used
Calendarly at some point. Right.
>> I mean and maybe the caveat is the way I
mean the best way we can determine that
is email addressing. But we don't really
know how to we have approximations of
how many of those are unique people.
>> Yeah.
>> But a few hundred million uh unique
people have used our read our product by
now.
>> And then my learning I'm still a student
as as you know from Saster. But my
metalarning is you get some
resistance some headwinds to viral
loops. Yeah.
>> When you get into the double digits like
I used to think it was higher but
sometimes even as you get into the
teens. I mean you have teens of the
world have Calendarly that because
Calendarly is one of the greatest PLG
success stories there is it just gets
incrementally harder at some point. Have
you seen that that like that you got to
get smarter and better at the loops at
this scale?
>> Absolutely. So one of the things we
measure is we look at the rate of for X
amount like what is the ratio of
meetings that convert into signups or
really actually
>> that's a top lighthouse metric meetings
to signups. Yeah.
>> Meetings to signups and then we look at
not only that we look at signups to
activation. So I I sign up for the
product. I start using it to I start
sending my links to people to schedule
with me.
>> Yeah.
>> And five people have scheduled with me
is what we define as activated.
>> I got it. Yeah.
>> I mean you could use a lower number, but
we feel like five is you've built a a
repeatable habit
>> and you've derived some value from the
product.
>> Yeah. Does the verality at your scale
get any harder whatever the coefficient
is of the conversion or have you not hit
that yet at this scale?
>> Well, we've definitely seen the Yes. you
you see the those conversion rates
decline
but the good thing is like the top line
the denominator is getting bigger.
>> Yeah.
>> You know that compensates a little bit
for that degradation and that conversion
rate.
>> Got it. And then we'll take some
questions just to ground it because
everyone uses calendarly, right? How
much roughly of your user base is like
sales and revenue related and how much
is like businessy enterprise versus like
self-s serve and self self-procurement.
So
it has evolved a lot during the course
of our business but today about 90% of
our revenue is self-s serve
>> still 90% today about yeah about 90%
today so self they come in
>> they don't talk to a human the product
does the work of
>> they sign up converting them nurturing
them expanding them etc etc and then
about 10% of our revenue is salesled but
even with the salesled portion of our
revenue they typically start with using
the product in a self-s serve way,
right? So, they've used the product in a
cell survey and maybe I have one person
one of our you take one of our largest
maybe I can tell the story of one of our
largest customers. It's a large
financial services organization and
they do about a million dollars in
revenue with us and the way they started
using the product the way it grew to a
billion dollar customer with us is you
had a few people in the in the company
using it. They loved it and then they
decided that they wanted to expand their
usage of the product and so it became
Cameron got in involved,
it got involved. They did a long
evaluation, a lot of contracting and you
know I think you know the entire sales
that that expansion of sales cycle
probably actually took us six or eight
months or something like that but but
>> six or eight months to a seven figure
deal or six or eight months to the first
deal at at your
>> company six or eight months from like we
had some small footprint in the company
and I forget exactly let's say it was
sub $20,000 to it expanded to a million
to a seven figure.
>> It's fast actually. That's fast. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Right.
Well, in our world that's a long time,
>> but and and you said when we were
catching up before 90 now it ties 9010
and sales team's pretty tiny today,
right?
>> The sales team is pretty tiny today.
Been a lot of different evolutions in
our business. I think one of the most
difficult things to get to balance in a
in a hybrid PLG motion in a hybrid go to
market motion is the balance between
self-s serve and and
enterprise. And at different points in
our business, we'd made both of the
classic mistakes. And you know, one of
the mistakes we made is that as we saw
this, we started to self-s serve and we
saw that you know, there are some teams
that just needed a little bit of a
consultative process. And if you engage
in that consultative process, they would
expand and become larger customers.
Well, we uh ended up staffing a sales
team and um fast forward to 2020 was the
growth at all cost era. We expanded that
sales team greatly and sure enough,
revenue grew. the number of accounts
over 100k in revenue in revenue also
grew. But what we found was the growth
in our customer acquisition cost
outpaced the incremental revenue growth.
And so essentially what was happening is
yes, we were driving some incremental
revenue. Yeah.
>> But more than more than anything else,
the the enterprise business was just
really cannibalizing the PLG business.
>> Oh, that's interesting. I I but maybe
I'm I'm getting the lesson wrong. The
idea that it would be more expensive
than anticipated, right, I get. But it
was cannibalizing it because they were
stealing the self-s served customers.
>> Right. Ex. Exactly. Well, I mean, they
weren't deliberately stealing the self-s
served customers. But
>> part of what we do we did to feed the
sales team is we we relax the
qualification rules around.
>> So if you raised your hand and said, "I
wanted to talk to a salesperson." We
relax the rules
>> for letting you talk to the salesperson.
>> I see.
>> And so and what we would see is that
revenue would go on to convert. But it
turns out that if we just let them
self-s serve, a lot of them would have
>> So you get the same revenue.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah. So and in fact maybe it was worse
because you add time to the deal and
friction to the deal by talking to a
human. Right.
>> Exactly. Exactly. But you know the flip
side of that is there there are
companies like that million dollar
revenue company that would have never
converted
>> if we didn't have a a sales team. So at
other times in our history we left a lot
of money on the table because we didn't
staff that team appropriately. So it's a
very very tricky balance. But you know
what I would recommend to founders and
CEOs kind of thinking about this hybrid
motion is be incredibly analytical do a
lot of testing at the time we were going
through these changes I thought we were
very analytical ourselves but as I as I
think about it there's a lot more you
know analysis we could have done there's
a lot more testing we could have done
you know having to hold out groups and
uh when we ended up doing them it was
pretty eye pop some of the things that
we saw so I would just encourage folks
to think about that as they as they
consider hybrid immersion
>> it's a good story because everyone
listen having the kind of viral base
that you uh we call PLG we call it
whatever it's a blessing right it's the
best thing in the world but I find
almost every founder
gets the ratio of enterprise to bolt-on
wrong right and even when they crush it
when they have this profitable business
you look back and you're like man if I
just had a couple more great sales
people right I was literally with a a
startup I was lucky enough to be the
first investor almost which I don't do
pre-revenue and they're coming up on 50
million and they're 80% self-s served
20% sales but really it's when it's kind
of like when you really look back it's
higher self-s serve right because
they're really self they on board they
use the app and they're growing 100% to
50 million couldn't but then we looked
at the data and they were like and then
I got this update oh we lost these three
deals I'm like well what if you'd had
they have two salespeople they have so
you you they love it because they're
they don't they're they are profitable
at 50 million they have 60 million in
the bank they don't have to touch but
you realize you inevitably left money on
the table but you push it too far you
damage the PLG side Right. You make the
product crappier in some ways. Right. I
I don't know. You never get it right.
Right.
>> Yeah. We made all those mistakes and
I've you know,
>> you know, I've been I've learned a lot
also from my peers, right? There's a
whole herd of companies in which we all
came up together and they've all made
this mistake. So, you know, misery loves
companies. So, we commiserated a lot
about about
>> But just get the best data you I mean,
get it in Snowflake everything right
because I guess you're relearning a
lesson to me. Sometimes the superficial
look at the data is wrong.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And then it looked like it was
working, but then you looked at what was
happening. You were just transferring
self-s served deals to the sales team.
It wasn't working like the the high
level metrics.
>> But fast forward to now, like we our
sales teams are our sales team's
crushing their numbers like they've
never done better. When we fast forward
to when we sort of um
>> well, there's there's also the part of
it like, well, if everyone's making your
number, maybe your quotas are too low.
>> Yeah.
>> But anyway, like we we could talk about
that all day.
>> There's a funny story. I was talking
with a founder here that I know at 20
millionaire R and um he did this they
did this first analysis in Salesforce
how are my sales reps doing right and he
looked at the top sales reps and it's
very SMB like 6K deal looked at these
are the best reps but then he put the
data in snowflake and he's like okay let
me compare that to churn and he found
out the very best sales reps in this
motion had the highest churn because
they were shoving deals down the pipe
and so actually none of the best reps
were his best reps measured with cohort
analysis this because they were closing
customers they shouldn't have right to
get the deal. So it was just a going
next level on the data all of a sudden
who his top reps were were not the reps
that he thought he had. But anyhow we
had a question here. Kick it off.
>> Hi so thanks for all the information. I
have a question. So we have a no code
page building platform and basically
also like uh self-service platform PLG
motion right and I would be very
interested if you could maybe explain a
little bit when you were going the sales
motion how did you think about pricing
it compared to the because it's a low
like also low barrier entry currently
right about pricing it and also from a
feature perspective how did you
differentiate it for the sales marshall
did you at all
>> yeah so the question you're asking is
actually one of the one of the Um,
that's been one of the most difficult
things about establishing that sales
motion
because part of what happened as we
stood up the as we stood up the sales
team is that we could not it took us a
long time to really predictably figure
out like to figure with a high degree of
confidence what types of leads would
lead to large deal sizes as opposed to
those that would remain small deal
sizes. And so you were better off kind
of blending them self self-s serve.
Initially we didn't really discriminate
the pricing between self-s serve and and
enterprise. But what we did find was the
needs of the the customers that wanted
to go through the sales process and
required a consultative sales sales
process. They typically had let's think
about like what are some of the reasons
why they wanted to talk to a
salesperson. It is because they had a
large number of people within their
company that wanted to use the product
and so they needed help with change
management. They needed us to integrate
with a number of different tools in
their in their product. And so
what that meant was typically we were
selling a lot more seats to those
customers. And also they were going to
be on the higher plan. And so we more or
less
just try to focus on the fact that I
guess maybe like the criteria we ended
up looking at is
we know that in a typical company 25% of
the headcount is an external facing
roles and so what we essentially use the
size of the company to approximate like
what we think the total opportunities is
within that account and that's really
how we determine maybe I'm sharing too
much about how we route deals between
self-s serve and to the soul seam. So
that's really the metric that we use to
determine because we see a correlation
between company size and
and total opportunity within account.
That's initially how we did it. Uh then
in in over time we introduced an
enterprise plan uh which um is only sold
through the the sales channel but our
sales team today sells not only the
enterprise skew they sell uh sales
source SKs as well.
>> Great. Thanks for the information. By
the way, a lot of people use Calendarly
because we're German based and Germans
love Calendarly. So, we have like huge
amount of Calendarly users.
>> Oh, thank you. I love Germany, too.
>> Yeah. All right. Thank you.
>> Is it dope? Is at your sca at your scale
when you have a silo that comes in like
the example. Are you still seen as like
a rogue app by it or is your brand so
strong that this idea of being a rogue
app or out-of-bounds app in the
enterprise, is it a non-issue? Is it
faded away or is it still an issue?
>> It varies by industry. Yeah, if you get
into the highly regulated industries,
financial services, healthcare,
there are some that initially per
perceive us as kind of being a rogue
app. And so we have to go through, you
know, very like rigorous security
reviews and things like that. But
outside of those heavily regulated
industries, we don't really get that as
much as we used to.
>> Yeah. As much as you used to. Yeah.
So, how do you kind of see free
competition? Like Google's adding their
calendar system and stuff like that. So,
how do you kind of see that? Because I I
see with like Zoom, there's less and
less Zoom kind of now it's all like
Teams and Google Meet as those integrate
platforms. So, how do you deal with that
kind of competition or how do you see
that competition and how do you compete
with it?
>> Yeah. So, I think on the surface
scheduling looks like a one-sizefits-all
problem, right? like the scheduling
needs of a of a teacher are the same as
a sales rep. At least on the surface, it
seems like that. But as you dig a little
bit deeper, I think what you begin to
realize is that the needs of external
facing teams are again are very very
different from internal facing
professionals and especially sales teams
for example, right? So it ends up
looking like the the scheduling needs
end up diverging by function and by
role. And what we've done is really
focus on people who are in external
facing roles and um that's how we end up
waiting. So
there are people who want who wants to
use calendarly who maybe now use Google
calendar but there's just as many who
were using calendarly and still use
calendarly because of one of the
comments that he made earlier the breath
of our integrations. So being able to
integrate into everything in your
customerf facing stack ends up meaning
that countly is not just a scheduling
product for you. It is part of a very
important process like how you acquire
customers. You can measure, you can
track it, you can optimize for a very
specific business outcome as opposed to
just purely productivity and efficiency.
Maybe it doesn't happen with countly,
but sometimes when folks in the industry
roll out like a simple low-end
clone of some functionality, it actually
ends up helping you because folks out
they they outstrip the capabilities of
the piece that's built in. Maybe I try.
I mean, everyone uses counter, so maybe
it's the wrong question. But sometimes
when you see this competitor, they're a
little bit stressful, but then when
people need a supererset of the
functionality going to your point, it
doesn't really hurt you very much,
right? Because they just they use the
little one and then they bounce back to
you and they need more functionality.
>> Yeah,
you're exactly right. Like, you know, I
was talking to a customer a month or two
ago and at some point they turned they
turned sometime in the past year and
then they came back. And one of the
things I learned from that customer
about why they came back is for them
they don't view countly as just a
scheduling tool. They use they look at
it as part of their marketing stack and
their customer acquisition stack. And so
what does that mean?
Countly is one of the first things that
a new customer sees when they come into
their funnel. So it needs to be
incredibly professional. It needs to be
super reliable.
>> Yeah.
>> And again it needs to plug into all
these other things. So when somebody
schedules with me, it needs to go into
my email nurture campaign because that's
how I acquire customers, right? So those
are some of the reasons why they ended
up coming back is like it needs to be
super professional. It needs to super
reliable. It needs to plug into all
these other workflows that I use to make
sure that
that people that come in through my
funnel get converted as fast as possible
and uh with the high at the highest rate
possible.
>> Just a related question, this really hit
Gong for a while, but then they powered
through it. was that vendor
consolidation hurt them. What Gong would
hear and their head of sales worked for
me back in the day. They would hear when
things got a little more challenging.
They would hear we love Gong. I mean
people love Gong, they love Calendarly.
We love it. But my CIO said we got to
use what's built into Salesoft. Okay.
Not the same for Calendarly, but overall
folks are still trying to manage the
number of applications. Has it impacted
you at all or you don't see at all this
consolidation stuff?
>> Well, I mean I think if I sat up here
and told you it didn't affect us, I'd be
lying.
you should question everything else I
said in my every app. I mean there's a
different story for every system, right?
>> Yeah. But again, I think it it has
definitely uh affected us because I
think you know people are scrutinizing
the ROI of every single product in their
stack. Yeah.
>> To a greater degree than they did a few
years ago. But again, I think it comes
down to being
being really crystal clear about why we
win and continue to double down on the
things on those things on those
differentiators. Yeah, that's like
that's became a story for us.
>> Yeah.
>> Hi, I was wondering how do you approach
the the different needs of PLG and
enterprise customers? I believe that you
do have like different goto marketing
teams. But regarding of product and
strategy, do you kind of separate and
segment this? You have like different
product teams and different strategy of
developing and tackling the needs of
this co customers.
>> Yeah.
I laugh because we've tackled it in a
number of different ways and I think
there have been pros and cons to all the
different ways in which we've approached
it but maybe I'll start from the
beginning. So I described this thing
where initially we were just purely
self-s serve and we noticed that some
customers wanted us to require a
consultative process. We were resistant
initially because we were like hey this
product is simple enough you should just
be able to self-s serve. Eventually we
ended up experimenting and staffing a
team around it. Well, the reason we did
the reason we lean into that motion is
because we observed that those customers
who came in through the sales process
had just very very different retention
mechanism
qualities. They also had very very
different NDR qualities. They expanded a
a lot further. So that was the first
observation and then because we saw all
those things we realized we could spend
more to acquire those customers and we
also decided that we wanted to acquire
more of those customers and so we
started to lean more into their product
requirements
and that happened maybe three four years
in and so initially we didn't
necessarily have a dedicated team that
served that we just we just started
building more of their integration so
for us that happened to be sales teams
so what did we do we built a Salesforce
integration we built uh round robin and
scheduling. We built a number of things
that were specific to that. Over time,
we then distributed that into okay into
sort of looking at countly as well there
are sort of like some these are the
general kind of like buckets of
capabilities that uh our customers want.
They want integrations. They want very
specific workflows. They want very
specific analytics. They want very
specific sort of like
you know qualification meeting rules for
who gets a meeting and who doesn't get a
meeting in. And then maybe to answer
your question the most probably the most
permanent design that we've had is
really organizing the team by those
different capabilities and then having
them own those problems from for
individuals all the way through
enterprise. Again, we've tried a number
of different ones, but that's probably
the longest design that we've had.
>> So, some that just just I'm cur because
this is issue everyone has. Right. If
your ratio is like 9010 today in terms
of your revenue split, like more SMB and
PLG versus enterprise, if I got that
right.
>> From a new revenue standpoint,
>> from a new new revenue.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you try to allocate story points and
product and engineering 9010? Do you
wing it? Do you do more on enterprise
because it's noisier and needier? Right.
Maybe 9010 the enterprise just has to
get what it gets. But do you think about
the ratio between the two for at the
product and engineering that's also
changed a lot over the course of the
company's history. So
initially it was probably more it was
9010 right very uh sort of like uh
symmetric
>> from I would say maybe from 2020 to 2020
onwards we made that asymmetric. So we
allocated a lot more to that enterprise.
>> Yeah.
>> Than we did PLG. Fast forward to now. It
is probably
>> I don't know if I want to reveal the
number
>> swung back.
>> I don't want I don't want anyone to feel
sort of like
>> the pendulum but the pendulum is know
you swung back. Yeah, but
>> I gota I think it also kind of varies by
what we think. We look at you know sort
of like the maturity of the product for
those different cohorts and really look
at like you know like you know I we hit
a point of gemination returns on certain
in certain domains of the product versus
others for sure it's just it's just an
interesting when you have such a big PLG
base that naturally gets attention but
as you go more up market they need
security they need other integrations
that you didn't even know you had to do
a a service now integration and then
stuff you didn't even know you need a
viva and like that every million-doll
deal could consume all your dev time
>> for sure. Um so but when you have such a
strong base it's you almost as a co you
have to drive those a little bit those
>> yeah and you know like I think one of
the other things I should mention is
that we are expanding into a
multi-product company and as we do that
like the we do intend to have different
strategies and driven allocation per
product line right so scheduling for
example will be very very different from
the next thing that we do like in terms
of like allocation between
>> call it SMB and PLG is SLG.
>> All right, that's a story for the next
semester.
>> Yeah.
>> Hi. So, thank you for the talk. I have a
questions on um so what are your
thoughts on Countly's current paying
ratio? I don't know if that's being
revealed and just your overall thoughts
on the future premium model for you know
those Countly users who just never pay.
>> And I like the second half which I think
you asked which is how do you think
about your free freeze? How valuable are
your freeze to you today at scale? Yeah.
So we we love our free users and we're
happy for our users to be free. Like the
way we view it is like the
first level of value is you use our
product in any capacity. We don't care
if you use it for free or you pay. And
then the next value of level of value is
you use it and you pay for it.
>> Yeah.
>> Because in our world even free users
have an LTV associated with them, right?
Because the number one we spend um we
spend almost zero dollars on we have
headcount in marketing but we have
almost zero dollars in marketing
campaigns. So it's all being driven by
the activity of our of the users on the
platform.
>> Yeah. Freeze your marketing team.
>> Yes. Exactly. So we're happy to to
we're happy for people to use the
product uh for free.
>> Are there I mean I know every quarter
has been perfect at Calendarly since
inception.
>> Perfect. just but but at moments when
there's been stress have folks on the
revenue team, product team or others
wanted to tighten that wanted to like
take some away from free tighten the
funnel and have have you had to fight
that battle or how have you approached
Yeah. when that some not everyone's the
champion of the free.
>> Yeah. So yeah, everyone is not. So I
think the uh you know if you talk to a
sales rep at Countly, their number one
competition is not you know any of the
competitors that they mention. It's the
free is the
>> Yeah. They don't love the free version,
dude. The sales team doesn't love it,
right?
You know, by now we've done a number of
pricing and packaging engagements was I
think was another question that came up
and the recommendation they all make is
like limit the the features that you
give on the free plan and we've resisted
that.
>> Yeah, lock it down. Let's give them two
weeks to no unlimited. Let's slow it
down, right?
>> I would say besides so uh the first time
we put up a pay wall was in 2014.
>> Okay.
>> Besides then I don't think we've ever
taken anything away from the free plan.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I think we've Yeah, I don't
think we've ever taken anything away
from the free plan. We've only made the
free plan more generous.
>> I'm sure somebody will test my memory,
but I'm pretty sure we've never taken
anything away from the free plan since
2014.
>> Yeah. Whenever I'm like in a seeing a
board meeting or management team, I'm
okay if like the sales team wants to
tighten it, but when it becomes a vibe
at the company, I just get worried. I
get worried. Right.
>> It's very shortsighted. Yeah. Like very
short. I mean long story short like our
approach generally is to add more value
to the to the paid plans as opposed to
reduce value reduce remove value from
the free plan.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's good. All right. Let's
try to take maybe two more questions
then we'll wrap it up.
>> Hey uh thank you to for sharing the
model mistakes. It's very helpful people
in the similar situation. U my quite
question is about AI application with
Calendarly. Actually I'm a regular user
of Calendarly but haven't yet see much
of interaction with the AI so far. So I
want to understand about your
understanding about how AI is reshaping
your industry like cursor is shaping
coding right so what what's your plan
like towards how can they integrate more
AI to boost the productivity in the
process thank you
>> yeah it's a really good question so
I you know I think just like every
productivity or just really like any
software application AI is going to is
both an opportunity and a threat and you
know I mentioned one example earlier of
how we are preparing for a world in
which more scheduling is done by AI
agents. We want to be able to support
that's in the works. We have a
we have a product that's in an AI
product that's in in private beta right
now that we're rolling out to a lot more
people. Maybe we'll get to rolling out
to you pretty soon and you'll see what
we are talking about. So that's another
thing that we are working on. Yet
another thing that we're working on in
general thinking about in general is
like today Conley is really really good
at scheduling scheduling meetings with
people you tell it to schedule. Right?
So uh if you tell us hey people who come
to my website and match this you know
criteria I want you be I want you to
schedule with them we will do that to
for we will do that for you very well
what we're not good at today what we
don't really do much of is like helping
you think about who you should be
meeting with that you haven't already
told us to meet with so we're working on
that I think towards the end of the year
you'll see us make some initial do some
rel initial releases around that but
what we hear from our customers is like
there's just a lot of there's a person
you spoke to last speaker today and you
say we're going to follow up in three
months and then you both forget to do
anything about it in three months. We
want to make sure those meetings happen.
So you'll see us uh take a stab at that
later this year.
>> I love it. I'm super passionate about
the AI getting you take helping you take
the next steps that ulois forget to do.
Right. It's just it's epic. Right.
>> Yeah. And um selfishly I'm also looking
forward to it because I you know I
forget a lot of things these days.
>> Forget it too. I'm looking forward. All
right. I think we're done. And I think
we're over. But everybody, let's give
Toe a big hand. Thank you very much. And
next time he's here, we we'll see the
whole AI suite multi-product strategy.
It'll be a brand new calendarly. So,
thanks everybody.
>> Thanks you all. Thanks for having me.